= Book Search Demo

This app is being built simply to test full text search using sunspot/rsolr/solr.

Just a simple collection of searchable nested resources.


== Installation

 rake db:create
 rake db:migrate
 rake sunspot:solr:start
 rake app:import
 script/server


== Creation

 mv Rakefile Rakefile.orig
 cat Rakefile.orig | sed "s/rake\/rdoctask/rdoc\/task/" > Rakefile

 rake db:migrate

 mv config/environment.rb config/environment.rb.orig
 cat config/environment.rb.orig | awk '{sub(/\|config\|/,"&\n\tconfig.gem \"sunspot_rails\"");print}' > config/environment.rb

 #	doesn't work.
 #	undefined method `searchable' for #<Class:0x103aed5b8>
 #echo "require 'sunspot/rails/tasks'" >> Rakefile

 cp /usr/lib/ruby/user-gems/1.8/gems/sunspot_rails-1.2.1/lib/sunspot/rails/tasks.rb lib/tasks/sunspot.rake

 script/generate sunspot

 #	adds solr/conf/* and starts solr in background
 #	use rake sunspot:solr:run to see it running in the foreground
 rake sunspot:solr:start







Which model is "searchable"?  Or all of them?  Do I add a searchable block to all?

Then how do I search them all? Say "moses", and return verses containing "moses" AND book title containing "moses"?  Search verses, chapters or books?

How to create a collection, group or version like Bible or New Testament or King James?  Tags?

Book has Chapter has Verse/Paragraph/Page/Section 


 Book
  title
  author
  release date
  language
  extra text 


 Chapter acts_as_list or linked list or both? doesn't really matter in this example.
  position
  title
  number


 Verse/Paragraph/Page/Section acts_as_list or linked list or both? doesn't really matter in this example.
  position
  text ( < 65000 chars seems unnecessarily long.  how many chars on average paperback page?  ~1500 chars)
  longest bible verse is Esther 8:9 which is 81 words or 464 characters.
  novels are around 50,000 words so about 250,000 characters
  just stick with the default for now.  it is just a demo.


download and parse bible as example as contains many books

http://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/10/pg10.txt

start searching



== References

* https://github.com/outoftime/sunspot
* http://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2011/03/08/full-text-searching-with-solr-and-sunspot/
* http://hemju.com/2011/01/04/full-text-search-with-sunspot-in-rails/
* http://masonoise.wordpress.com/2010/02/06/using-sunspot-for-free-text-search-with-redis/
* http://timcowlishaw.co.uk/post/3179661158/testing-sunspot-with-test-unit





the book of life is interactive history being written now and my author fell asleep on the spacebar


== Other

if intended to be real app, could add ...

 add users and then ...

 bookmarks

 perhaps subscribe to book and email it 1 verse a day or whatever "rate" subscribed

 allow users to write and share books?

